David Hollifield: Alright.
David Hollifield: We are here for group.
David Hollifield: Me.
Richelle Direny: He's like, it's a bit of a struggle.
David Hollifield: Yeah, I see that
David Hollifield: So give me a call back in a little better.
Richelle Direny: Oh no, let me just check to see if I have
Richelle Direny: Um, when do I have you scheduled soon.
David Hollifield: I believe it's a week from Thursday.
David Hollifield: I believe so, or this Thursday. I'm not really sure it's on my calendar on my phone.
David Hollifield: Right.
David Hollifield: All right. Yeah, I do have that by phone. Once you set the default that ring a bell.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Um, what we can do is
Richelle Direny: If they
Richelle Direny: No one shows up in the next 10 minutes. I was just wondering councilman unless you have anything there anything going on, how's your dad ISN'T YOUR DAD in the hospital.
David Hollifield: Yeah, yeah. My dad was my mom has been in the hospital. She's home now and my dad's actually been really sick. I had to take him to the emergency room two nights ago
David Hollifield: But a latest thing is the real bad cold. He said, like the flu going around, I guess. And other than that everything's been all right you know I'm getting really, really antsy excited. You know, we started college
David Hollifield: I
David Hollifield: started, I started a second
Richelle Direny: Next week,
David Hollifield: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Well, you know, be stopped for a while and start macro down
David Hollifield: Yeah, it's been it's been probably
David Hollifield: 15 years, excuse me, since I've been but yeah I'm going back so
David Hollifield: I still got a long journey ahead of me. You know, I need a lot of work credits, obviously, but that's all right. Now please switch my major over I'm going for computer science now and back in them days I was going for business management.
Richelle Direny: Oh that's a big switch
David Hollifield: Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty good with computers. So
David Hollifield: I'm gonna
Richelle Direny: Are you work in that arena now.
David Hollifield: No, no, I'm not. I would love to, but I'm currently not working at all. I'm actually looking for a job, actually, as we speak.
David Hollifield: I mean, it will need
Richelle Direny: To find a job in in in that field. So now when you do
David Hollifield: Yeah, that's the plan. You know, hopefully give me a job in the field. While I am going to school and then that way you know I can.
David Hollifield: You know, build a resume a little bit, you know,
David Hollifield: Like my brother, for example, he has a bachelor's degree in marketing and he's never had a job in that field. So always had his degree for about two years and he followed to stop looking, you know, he got into Chrysler. So he's just working there.
Richelle Direny: If you like that over in Michigan, the big, the big thing. You already have the people I speak.
Richelle Direny: To kind of work.
David Hollifield: Yeah yeah that was I told my experience. I used to work at Chrysler I had 10 years in there and I took the buyout, which was a major mistake in my life that I wish I could take back but
Richelle Direny: Not when you were working there.
Richelle Direny: Because they were closing down a few years ago.
David Hollifield: Yeah, I took it in 2009 so 11 years ago.
David Hollifield: You know what it was like a scare tactic, you know, they pretty much like scared is taking taking the buyout
David Hollifield: You know, because they were switching ownership to the company like it was diamond Chrysler when I got hired that it was Chrysler LLC. When I took the buyout and now it's Fiat Chrysler so they just keep changing ownership basically
David Hollifield: Everything's been going. All right. Like I said, I'm just, I'm just stressed about the cows thing. You know, like, I mean, I think I'm pretty much. Sure, I'll be all right you know just just just nerves. No.
Richelle Direny: I mean, when you think that what like what specifically are you anxious about, is it just the idea of going back into this structured setting and having to study in crime everything that goes with it.
David Hollifield: Yeah. Yeah. And I know that you know I'm looking forward to that structured setting for sure because it helped get me back on.
David Hollifield: A good regimen, I guess, if you will, but I'm just nervous. You know, like I said, I just hope that what I know and
David Hollifield: I like the way I've been taught how to study and stuff like that, you know, or just, you know, with everything going on with my doctor's appointments and me looking for a job. I just, I know, at times I get overwhelmed and I'm trying not to be that way.
David Hollifield: Things.
Richelle Direny: Going on at one time that
David Hollifield: Yeah yeah what too many things go on, you know, at a time for me. Yes, I definitely get overwhelmed and
David Hollifield: I tend to fumble the ball, if you will.
Richelle Direny: Oh, I mean, that's right. You live with your parents. So you're also helping them.
David Hollifield: Yeah, that's that's 80% of what I do. Right there. I'm already stressed out to the max because of that because my brother, my sister don't help at all.
Richelle Direny: Um site like what, exactly. So when you say you help them like exactly what do you do
David Hollifield: Do the laundry I cook the meals with the gold the grocery store. I do all the shopping. You know, you pretty much name it other than bathing them. That's what I do.
Richelle Direny: And they don't know where they are. These your dad or anybody where they are the veterans.
David Hollifield: My dad. Yeah, he's a visa better
Richelle Direny: But then didn't does he get some help from the VA.
David Hollifield: Know he put in four years in the Air Force.
David Hollifield: Years and years ago but now I don't think he's ever applied for any help from the VA. He tried. He tried one time, years ago, he said, and never helped them.
David Hollifield: It's like you here. Yeah, yeah, he's tried, I guess, because I'm the youngest of three kids. So I guess my mom was pregnant, my brother, who's the oldest
David Hollifield: My dad reached out to them because back in them days crisis was really, really slow because my dad retired from there, you know, and apply for help or whatever they never did you not to help them.
David Hollifield: So he just pretty much gave up on them.
Richelle Direny: I mean, maybe you can try to call back again. Or you can call you know because like even was getting help for someone to come out and help him. Like if he needs that visits and stuff like that, they will
David Hollifield: Yeah, yeah. To be honest, I don't even know where to start, you know,
Richelle Direny: Where's the closest VA to where you are.
David Hollifield: I don't know. That's a good question. I have to Google that I guess and find that out.
David Hollifield: You know,
Because
David Hollifield: I've just been overwhelmed, like, you know, with do it all that I do here, you know, and I'm grateful that I had my parents both still alive for one, you know,
David Hollifield: And always came up with the model like they helped raise me. So, you know, and they always were there if I needed help. So I would never give up on them. So it's just kind of frustrating to me that my brother, my sister like seem like they don't even care.
David Hollifield: You know,
David Hollifield: And that's very frustrating.
Richelle Direny: It is very do they live locally or they
David Hollifield: Know, they're locally and my bottle is about
David Hollifield: Two miles one way. My sister lives about two and a half miles. The other way.
David Hollifield: So it's just tough, you know, my mom. My mom is really bad. You know, like she needs a lot of care. She's not only like slipping away physically was just slipping away mentally
David Hollifield: She has a lot of mental health problems, as do I.
David Hollifield: And, uh, you know, she is. Let me see. She's 69 years old.
David Hollifield: And my dad is 77
David Hollifield: My dad, he's in a way better spot and what my mom is but my dad, you know, he has a lot of pressure on him to. We don't all the bills and stuff. And I do what I can. As far as like, you know, to help them, you know, picking up cash jobs or or whatnot.
David Hollifield: And it just seems like there's there's only so many hours in the day, you know,
David Hollifield: And I don't know, like, like I well, contrary to what I said earlier I said I kind of fumbled the ball lot
David Hollifield: Actually, I don't like a really good in the clutch, but same time, you know, just when I get overwhelmed. I can still pull it off but same time like it. It takes a big toll on me, you know,
David Hollifield: What's that
Richelle Direny: Yes, it is.
David Hollifield: Yeah, for sure, you know, but I won't give up on you know
David Hollifield: I mean, I used to have a home mortgage. I was at Chrysler vehicle everything night I gave all that away.
David Hollifield: You know,
Richelle Direny: You gave it
Richelle Direny: Like willingly on
David Hollifield: Ya know, willingly like I for close to my home willingly
David Hollifield: Everything like my car got impounded what that was like what I was like really bad in my diction to though, you know,
David Hollifield: But I've been doing
Richelle Direny: Jesus that's partly why your, your siblings have kind of like taking a backseat.
Richelle Direny: Where they're not necessarily
David Hollifield: No, I don't think so, because even when I did have those things. I still help my parents, you're just like,
David Hollifield: Okay, there's three of us. I got older brother older sister. They're both married here I am, single, it's like they they've made comments to me several times being like, Well, you know, we have families, basically. So you don't. So it's pretty much like falls on you.
David Hollifield: Which I think is absolutely ridiculous.
David Hollifield: But I mean, I can only take so much to be honest with you, like, just the other night I felt like I was on the verge of cracking. Like I you know I gotta get out of here. I mean, that's how I look at it as I can only do so much. I'm not, I'm not Superman, you know,
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
David Hollifield: But at the same time. Like I said, I'm very, very grateful for them because if they weren't around i don't i don't know where I'm staying at right now, you know,
David Hollifield: And yes, I mean that. I mean, like I said, I'm very grateful for that. I'm very humbled by that but
David Hollifield: How I look at it I feel like I'm a burden.
David Hollifield: You know,
Richelle Direny: Like you're burning to them.
David Hollifield: Yeah for sure because you know my family's all from the south so like my grandmother's is 90 years old. She's the only grandparent, I have left it's alive as by Miles mother.
David Hollifield: And she needs. My parents down there is what she's been saying my parents are wanting to go, but due to their health reasons, they're not going. I just feel like, you know, I'm
David Hollifield: I'm like holding them up because I know they don't want to leave me until I'm stable. Like I told him, I said, you know, like, I'll figure it out. You know, if I just had my sister for a little while. My sister already told me that I could
David Hollifield: You know, I'll do that. But
David Hollifield: I don't know, it's just really, really hard to explain. I never really opened up too much about it.
David Hollifield: Even with like prior therapist like pretty much what I just told you in the past five minutes is is is a lot for me, you know,
David Hollifield: I don't know. I just don't. I already feel overwhelmed and I don't want to feel overwhelmed, to the point where
David Hollifield: I feel like a little, like, no.
Richelle Direny: You say you don't want to feel on the one to the point where
David Hollifield: Like I lose it. You know, like mentally. Hmm.
David Hollifield: A couple times.
David Hollifield: And I had been like, yeah, sure, you know, a couple different times.
Richelle Direny: What. Um, and so, but your stressor right now is it sounds like it's multiple things. It sounds like there is
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like a whole lot of things kind of what your stressor is
Richelle Direny: You having to be the caretaker for your parents.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm them possibly moving to you, said to her, your mom sister.
David Hollifield: Not my mom, my mother, my grandmother. She knows I'm talking here we are in Michigan.
David Hollifield: Okay, she
Richelle Direny: wants her to come there.
David Hollifield: Yeah because about three about three months ago, my grandmother stay with my uncle, which is my mouse baby brother when he passed away about three months ago.
David Hollifield: So now my grandmother died salt is like all alone, which is putting a big guilt of my mom because she's she was the oldest child of her family and my mom like she dropped out of school and like the seventh or eighth grade to take care of our brothers and sisters
David Hollifield: You know, so my mom feels a tremendous guilt and remember my mom really close and my mom just just come down there, but I can't. A lot probation, you know, you can't do it.
Richelle Direny: So, so then you hear that, if your mom needs. If your mom and dad leaves to go to Kentucky permanently. You wouldn't you will end up not having somewhere to stay
David Hollifield: Well, my sister told me I can stay there, but I don't want to stay there. I mean, even if it's temporary or whatever, that's fine.
David Hollifield: But like, say if they moved to Kentucky tomorrow I put either a six months or 12 months goal that I'd be out there and I do what I had to do for work.
David Hollifield: And then I just save up every penny I had, you know, and hopefully be like employed to the point where it's actually stable for once, because the last few jobs that I've had have not been stable.
David Hollifield: Whether whether there are like through like a temp service or something, you know, and the job assignment and or the company I'm working for slows down had layoffs. It just seems like that nothing. You know, I work so hard. It just seems like nothing goes my way
David Hollifield: You know,
David Hollifield: And it's, it's very frustrating. So that's why I made the decision to go back to college, you know, because I'm very determined to have a successful future
Richelle Direny: And how long is so one of these, you started on one goal, you're, you're signed up for school, when are you
Richelle Direny: How long is the program.
David Hollifield: All bestsellers. It's a four year program but I already had some college credit transfer. So we're probably looking at about three and a half years.
David Hollifield: Maybe three. They said, depending, you know, if I take summer courses and all that. So it's gonna be, it's gonna be a little journey, but you know, I'm pretty confident that I can do it, you know.
Richelle Direny: The appearance teams have any support for you so
David Hollifield: A few friends here and there, but a lot of the friends I do have, they're not necessarily good influences
David Hollifield: But I do have a couple that you know I speak to their great influences
David Hollifield: And
David Hollifield: Don't know. Like I said, I bought like male friends, for example.
David Hollifield: I have a hard time opening up to males.
David Hollifield: I don't know. I said, I have a hard time opening up to
David Hollifield: Man, yeah.
David Hollifield: You know, I'm pretty sure I've never really spoke on it. Maybe you get to the bottom of it, but
David Hollifield: I'm pretty sure it's how I was raised, you know, like I wasn't really really close to my dad at all, going out.
David Hollifield: You know, I like here, he hasn't gambling addiction.
David Hollifield: And so he was never way there.
David Hollifield: You know,
Richelle Direny: How much older is your brother.
David Hollifield: My brother is five years older than me.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And so, you weren't getting close to him. Growing up either
David Hollifield: Now we're close. Growing up, but I'm
David Hollifield: Not as much. I was more close to my sister and she's three and a half years older than me.
David Hollifield: As far as opening up you know I know they're my family and stuff, but I just have a hard time opening up for males in general that I don't know why that is.
David Hollifield: Now,
Richelle Direny: Beginning that your father wasn't necessarily there because he was a gambler means that he was always
David Hollifield: Out of the house. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And when he would come. He wasn't um
David Hollifield: Yeah, besides him working stuff. He always did.
David Hollifield: You know, six, seven days a week.
David Hollifield: Seemed like
David Hollifield: When he wasn't working or anything. He was always at the casino. So I didn't see him that much.
Richelle Direny: Is that the reason why your brother Pisces distant from you.
David Hollifield: I don't
David Hollifield: Know it just seems like like what's up with my addiction issues in the past and stuff like I'm kind of like the black sheep, so it's like
David Hollifield: You know, like my dad bought me to this day, like my dad. He just doesn't show me the love that he does my brother, my sister, because they they never suffer from addiction issues, but I did.
Richelle Direny: And you think that I'm the reason why you're not close to your dad. It's because of
David Hollifield: Absolutely.
David Hollifield: And, you know, that hurts like you know that
David Hollifield: That's really painful to talk about, but
David Hollifield: Yeah, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, how is it now.
Richelle Direny: That you're there somewhere caretaker.
David Hollifield: Well yeah, I mean it's brought us together you know a lot more
David Hollifield: You know, but
David Hollifield: I mean, I still feel like the black sheep, you know, like seems like he talks highly of them when it comes to me it's just always a lecture or if he's talking to somebody about me.
David Hollifield: You know,
David Hollifield: It's like he doesn't say it, but I know how he's feeling like I know I'm like I let him know you know growing up and
David Hollifield: It is what it is I goes
Richelle Direny: It's still like way now.
David Hollifield: Yeah, I think so. Yeah, he doesn't respect me as much as he does my brother, my sister. Hundred percent and that hurts. That hurts me a lot.
David Hollifield: Even though I am here. I did come back here to help take care of them. It was originally from my mom, you know, my dad always had good health. You know, they end up having heart surgery and he's blind in one. I know.
David Hollifield: You know, and so he needs me to help him and which I do I don't complain about it at all.
David Hollifield: No.
David Hollifield: I don't know i don't i don't really know exactly what I'm trying to figure out what point is
David Hollifield: It just hurtful, you know, really is.
David Hollifield: You know,
David Hollifield: Because I've never really spoken before me. I have you on the past I've tried a little bit here and there but I tend to backpedal I guess would be the right word because
David Hollifield: I don't want to say too much, you know, and then cuz me my sister, even over very close. Growing up, like my dad is super, super close with her and she has a tendency to flip it on me.
David Hollifield: Like just start like a lot of arguments and stuff. And I don't know, it's just, it's just hard. It's very stressful.
David Hollifield: But my brother. He pretty much stays to have amongst himself and his family. Like, I don't see my brother, Ralph.
Richelle Direny: And the line of that is because of the addiction, like the stream between your, your relationship with your brothers because of the addiction.
David Hollifield: Partially yeah but same time it's like my dad's addiction to stopping by and you're like, I mean, growing up like
David Hollifield: You know, we're considered like mid to upper middle class, I guess you could say. But there were several years growing up. We had no school clothes or nothing because of his gambling.
David Hollifield: You know, I mean, he made 100,000 hours a year, there's no excuse why you couldn't you couldn't put a
David Hollifield: pair of Nike is on his sons and honest kids feet. You know, we never had closed like that. I mean, we did, but it was always scrambling
David Hollifield: You know, so it's like I feel like my dad didn't put us first
David Hollifield: You know and trust me, I'm not a materialistic person whatsoever. I got a pair of shoes, my feet. I'm grateful, you know, but
David Hollifield: I feel strongly in there, Mr 22. I can. He never put us first
David Hollifield: Yeah, man, that, that hurts me
Richelle Direny: Do you find you say you follow up with a psychiatrist in the community. Right.
David Hollifield: Yeah, yes, I do a lot of different medications. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: When was the last time you saw your secretary
David Hollifield: Was about two weeks ago.
David Hollifield: I got another appointment while so my phone. So we figure, a month out
But they put the put
David Hollifield: The
Richelle Direny: put you under, who is it a try a new medication.
David Hollifield: No, no, I've been on the same medications. I mean, for quite some time that the medicines are doing great for me. But I do think like my mood stabilizers stuff needs to be altered, which I'm going to talk to her next time I go see her.
David Hollifield: You know,
David Hollifield: I take an antidepressant a mood stabilizer, you know, and then I also takes up to for ADHD and I take something for insomnia and stuff at night.
David Hollifield: So I take a you know a different amount of medications and which I've been doing for years. It's like my early 20s and now I'm almost 40, so I think I'm on the right restaurant right now.
David Hollifield: Well, because I'm bipolar y'all been diagnosed that for years. And I do think my mood stabilizer needs to be adjusted.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so maybe when you speak to him. When you meet with your doctor, you could just let them know
David Hollifield: Yeah, yeah, I'm going to for sure that you fill in for you.
David Hollifield: Yeah, she's really, really nice. I'm a senior now for about a year and a half, and she's very understanding. She actually listens.
David Hollifield: Know, because a lot of times I've been going some of the sites and stuff over the years that usually when I come into the room dirt automatically like right my scripts without even talking to me. Yo, and
David Hollifield: That right there is just like
David Hollifield: Like label. I mean, you know, like, okay, like you're not even listening to what I'm trying to say, you know,
David Hollifield: What Dr. I have now. Yeah, she's very, very good. She actually listens like no like me. Hello, sit there and talk for 2025 minutes. No one session alone, and then we'll talk about medication, you know,
David Hollifield: I definitely feel like I haven't very good psychiatrist right now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's good, that she was gone. When you speak to her again. It's just to discuss, you know, kind of
Richelle Direny: You know, if there's an urgent need to adjust your medication or we kind of like what needs to happen.
David Hollifield: All right. Yeah, I'll do that when I see you next time. Definitely.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah cuz I mean I think right now, your mood. You said you're diagnosed with bipolar one or
David Hollifield: You know what, I'm not sure which one it's the one where I'm more manic depressive you know I get very, very low.
David Hollifield: I want to say it was one is I don't remember. But yeah, my mood y'all is it's been all over the place.
David Hollifield: we're to the point where I'm having a hard time controlling it. No.
David Hollifield: But I do take meds for you know antidepressant. I do. I do have a mood stabilizer. I take something for anxiety I take something for ADHD that takes some time for sleep.
David Hollifield: So like I have a lot of medicine. And that's another thing I don't like sharing that with a lot of people because I seem to automatically get judged, you know,
David Hollifield: And I don't know, like, really gets to me.
Richelle Direny: You say you feel like you're judged. When people know that you're on a lot of medication.
David Hollifield: Yeah, because the first thing they always say is, Oh my gosh, run a lot of medicine. Is that necessary, you know, yeah, it is necessary because that's what works for me. You know, I just I can't help it, that I need that kind of medicine, you know,
David Hollifield: And I don't know, it just seems like my life is like a constant roller coaster ride.
Richelle Direny: Do you have children.
David Hollifield: Yes, I have two sons. Do you see them.
David Hollifield: Yeah, I haven't seen him in a while, you know, because I was going through pretty much guard period. And I told her mother. You know, honestly.
David Hollifield: I'm working on me right now, but I do talk to them. I just, I just don't want to see them or my mood is all over the place. You know, because it's a child doesn't understand, you know,
David Hollifield: My oldest is 15 and my youngest is nine.
Richelle Direny: And do they live close or they live.
David Hollifield: Their different two separate mothers. So my 15 year old yeah he lives about 10 minute drive 1015 minute drive not far at all.
David Hollifield: But my youngest they live in to come to Michigan, which is a couple hour drive because his mother graduated from nursing school. She's a nurse out there. So I haven't seen him in a while because like I said it's two, two and a half hour drive, but I do speak to them.
David Hollifield: You know,
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
David Hollifield: I do what I can. No.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I would agree with you, um, you know, like you said, working on yourself. I'm kind of being in a better place. But you said right now you're currently is that you're really anxious right now.
David Hollifield: Yeah, pretty much. Yeah.
David Hollifield: Just, I mean, I'm sure I'll feel better. Once I actually do skirts know start school and get going.
David Hollifield: You know, like the job situation really stresses me out.
David Hollifield: Because I am looking for work. You know, I know the school like had a couple of job postings for doing a little bit here and there.
David Hollifield: You know, and I actually took it and I got the email saying that they want me to do it. I'm waiting for some like welcoming kit mail right now to actually, you know, sign up and do the job. They said I was selected so
David Hollifield: Which is a great thing, I think, no.
I think it's a good thing is
Richelle Direny: Thing and you know once you. I mean, that's a you already have your goal for what you want to do.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You know your plan, you know you for your fallback plans if your grandmother, what you're saying if your, if your mom moves in with your grandmother, your fallback plan is that you would
Richelle Direny: Stay with your sister, but um
David Hollifield: You said that
Richelle Direny: You pretty much have a decent relationship with your sister.
David Hollifield: Yeah, when it's up and down, cuz she suffers from mental health as well. And she chooses just a smoke weed smoke marijuana and she's not medicated
David Hollifield: She I don't do that. I mean, there's nothing wrong with it, but I just I don't smoke marijuana. It's just not me and
David Hollifield: So, you know, made her get along great at times are times were fighting like crazy, you know,
David Hollifield: So,
Richelle Direny: But being in that environment isn't. Wouldn't that be a trigger.
David Hollifield: Was with my sister for her smoking marijuana. No, I don't think so at all because like I said, I am not a fan of marijuana whatsoever.
David Hollifield: No.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
David Hollifield: Okay. Yeah, no, I don't agree with that at all. I mean, that's just me, but no, I'm definitely not a pot smoker.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's kind of like, you know, if that that bridge came, you will have to consider whether or not you would be a bridge.
David Hollifield: Yeah. Yeah, but I already know. Like I said last time I spoke to
David Hollifield: One of years ago you know i know i'm
Richelle Direny: Going to stay with her.
David Hollifield: Oh yeah, I mean,
David Hollifield: That's why I'm working on to have another option because I really don't want to stay with her, you know,
David Hollifield: I want to do it all by myself course. Well, I'm just not in the position to do that right now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
You know,
I mean,
Richelle Direny: You know, taking everything one step at a time, one day at a time.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm in reference
To
Richelle Direny: Right now the first thing that's coming up.
Richelle Direny: Is starting school. Well, it's just thankful
David Hollifield: Yeah, I'm trying
Richelle Direny: To say focus on
David Hollifield: School
Richelle Direny: You know, not putting not over exerting yourself with anything else just kind of just saying focus on school. The rest will kind of fall in place.
David Hollifield: Also
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You know, we can talk about like what it was like you said you're physically going to the school or you're going to be I'm
David Hollifield: Gonna be online. Okay, I'm gonna do it online, because I don't drive. I don't have a driver's license.
Richelle Direny: Would you have di di wires in the past.
David Hollifield: Yeah, I had to. I got my first one 2003 and my second 2007, you know, I just, I actually had a seizure around that time. So I never tried to get my license back because I just didn't feel safe. No.
David Hollifield: So I've been getting by.
David Hollifield: You know, as far as rides and stuff goes but that's another thing that's another golden mile and get my license back because I do feel like I'm ready.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Well, look, I said one thing at a time. It's just a focus on one, especially if you, you know, you get overwhelmed and stressed very easily. It's just taking just you know one thing at a time.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: You seem to be really tired today because you seem really just you're relaxing.
David Hollifield: Yeah, no, I am tired. I didn't sleep very well last night dog or so. I do have insomnia really bad.
David Hollifield: So yeah, I must be tired right now.
Richelle Direny: I mean, well it wasn't a group, but we'll just take it as well just do it as an individual, and then we'll still meet
Richelle Direny: Max were scheduled to meet
David Hollifield: On the 12th.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Just checking for group again next
Richelle Direny: Sure well well on the third. I mean, that will be the first Tuesday of the month. So definitely more people, everybody will be there on that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
David Hollifield: Sorry. Good.
Richelle Direny: All right, thank you so much, David and
David Hollifield: Thank you. Thank you again for listening, you know,
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. You're welcome. Like I said, Stay focused on one thing at a time. Okay.
David Hollifield: Okay, I was sure well
Richelle Direny: Alright then. David, have a good
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Leah Stover: I was able to get on, then God
Leah Stover: Laying around. I told me not even get been laying
Richelle Direny: on bed rest.
Leah Stover: Yeah, until yeah she's not coming out by God but
Leah Stover: It was hard work paying I in my life.
Leah Stover: Phone call good morning and Nice, nice.
Leah Stover: Chap totally
Labor
Leah Stover: Yeah, I try. Yeah, I got back here round, round two today. And I've been laying around all day.
Richelle Direny: I have to be the bearer of bad news, but the pain, the pain is continue real labor pain is continuous.
Leah Stover: Yeah, yeah, it's actually still hurts. But if he's in my gets to their weddings. Like it's
Leah Stover: Because I didn't want to come out. Yeah, she's. I mean, I'm almost I'm enclosed nine months, but it's not time for you Thank
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, the reality is real late or a real
Leah Stover: I've got a couple of each
Leah Stover: I have one other one and a
Half hour shopping
Leah Stover: On
Richelle Direny: Hi Martin, how are you
Martin’s iPhone: I'm doing good. Thank you. Are you
Richelle Direny: I'm doing good. I'm doing
Martin’s iPhone: I'm ready for spring, that's for sure.
Richelle Direny: You know, I think so. I think the time is getting ready to change back in like a week or two.
Richelle Direny: Um, and then you know you know when spring is on its way. Because then if you have allergies.
Leah Stover: It starts going haywire. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: She knows
Richelle Direny: Stress girl everything. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But, you know,
Richelle Direny: I don't know how it is there, but here like winter seems like it what it really wasn't there this year.
Martin’s iPhone: It was the same way here. I mean, we had a few cold spells, but a while, whether it's funny. I mean, it can still be snowing in April and the next day be 70 degrees.
Martin’s iPhone: It's really
Martin’s iPhone: It's really weird. Yeah, we have 30 4050 degrees changes all the time and
Richelle Direny: Oh really,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, and everybody around here farms, too. So yeah, like the fertilizers and we
Martin’s iPhone: Corn all the pollen. It just, it gets overwhelming. Overwhelming sometime last last few years kind of rough on me because I have seasonal allergies and
Martin’s iPhone: I'm I'm I'm getting
Leah Stover: Sick.
Martin’s iPhone: Every year, so
Leah Stover: You know, on whichever check
Leah Stover: Those problems for
Richelle Direny: Florida me for the most part it's summer all year round.
Martin’s iPhone: What
Richelle Direny: Will have sometimes a little consistency in my break where it gets really, really cold, but I remember there was a few years ago it they said that they had real snow flurries in Tallahassee, like that's how
Richelle Direny: Like that's as far as it I guess it got cold and it got to the which slowed
Up.
Leah Stover: When I was reading
Richelle Direny: But this year. It just hasn't
Martin’s iPhone: Well, I've never seen the gecko. And I've never seen a palm tree. So I'm waiting to tell her son graduates and then I'm going to go at least visit for a while so
Richelle Direny: There you go. You will see jackals you'll Lana's. I mean, as long as here. Hmm, like nobody's business they own the place
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, there's another, there's another type I forget what they call it starts with the sea, but it's a lot of. There's a lot of Facebook invasive species down there. I mean, we have some here but not like four different sounds like steel heads.
Martin’s iPhone: wantagh's and polos and
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: One is, like, especially if there's like a little canal or any kind of water like one off or whatever, I guess they out of the water and they just chill out and get some and these suckers are like camped out on the sidewalk and our baby alligators is what I call them.
Martin’s iPhone: That'd be crazy to see. I mean, I can't, I can't even fathom that. I mean, we had a guy here.
Martin’s iPhone: That had some some alligators as pets and they got too big and got loose and ended up in the river and it is like it all the news stations, it was
Martin’s iPhone: It was
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: That sounds good.
Dr Jameson: Sounds like a Florida story.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, we here, we have
Richelle Direny: Those that are baby one of them suckers get upon all running things a little dog running down the
Way.
Richelle Direny: But, you know, it got cold day really cold. I guess it dropped delete below I think 50 degrees.
Richelle Direny: And they, they, so they fall off the trees that are not
Richelle Direny: Immediate hibernation, I think, is what they go into and then it warms up and then they wake up.
Richelle Direny: And have collected the whole of the car and when they warmed up. Well, you have all these life. You go on to the cart.
Richelle Direny: They're big. They're huge. They aren't huge
Richelle Direny: Maybe in one of my session. I'll take a
Richelle Direny: Picture and then asked our share my screen to see how big these things aren't there like maybe I'll
Martin’s iPhone: Stay. A few years ago I was gonna go down south, and I didn't have much to my name at the time and I would had to camp out for a while and things in one of my biggest worries was, I would have to set up some kind of like fence or something around me, just to keep you know
Martin’s iPhone: Things out. I mean, even if they weren't in my area or whatever. I still in my head would have thought that so
Martin’s iPhone: It's going to be an experience will I go
Dr Jameson: Are you coming down.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah. One more year I'm waiting till our son graduates.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, maybe year and a half or so yeah we're definitely going to be heading south. I don't know if we're going to go to Florida, per se. We're going to visit there for sure, but
Dr Jameson: Closer warmer.
Dr Jameson: There's also a lot of crazy.
Dr Jameson: People in Florida to
Dr Jameson: So between the wild.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, we have Cleveland, Ohio.
Dr Jameson: You know, did you ever hear that joke where like you can google your name and
Dr Jameson: Last Saturday in Florida. Florida part. You know what I mean, like so, Florida, man.
Dr Jameson: You know, and that's like you can't even imagine it's like you can't even make this stuff up. It's so insane.
If
Dr Jameson: It was like a thing going around Facebook, a year ago or so.
Dr Jameson: So special people. Alright. So Martin, you need to refill, I believe.
Martin’s iPhone: Oops. Oh, yes.
Dr Jameson: Did, did you have your counseling last week.
Martin’s iPhone: You say, yeah, I have it on the fourth at 70. All right.
Dr Jameson: Did you have one last week.
Martin’s iPhone: I think it was the week before. Oh yes, I did. Yeah, it was last week. Yes.
Alright.
Dr Jameson: And I'm Elise, you're good on medicine right
Alyse: Yeah, I'm just here for the entertainment today.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, we'll do our best.
Alyse: All right.
Dr Jameson: Was that you coughing
Alyse: Yeah, I'm just thinking
Alyse: Like dead like I've never, I think this
Dr Jameson: Is it flow you think
Alyse: Yeah I fevers, no. Yeah, I didn't have had a fever.
Alyse: A few days ago.
Alyse: It's like, move on to the house so
Alyse: baby, oh baby.
Alyse: Yeah, they think they just had stuffy nose is now like diarrhea, but we introduced Stage one food today and sweet potatoes for the first time.
Boo.
Dr Jameson: Never know going back now.
Alyse: Yeah I know, right. They're going up so fast.
Dr Jameson: So crazy, crazy
Alyse: And then I just started physical therapy was one of them. I started says about theory.
Alyse: Myself last week, I'm supposed to go back in
Alyse: And
Alyse: I had x rays done and
Alyse: They were able to tell me. So my my neck is completely out of line with the rest of my body like 15 years ago I got a bad car accident.
Alyse: And the with flash like they told me that in the time that they've been doing this they haven't seen somebody have this bad of a correction in their neck like the way my neck isn't the way it should be, why
Dr Jameson: They tell you that like just
Yeah.
Alyse: I have like early stages of
Alyse: Scoliosis because it it's a genetic scoliosis. The generic name so um
Dr Jameson: Well, don't let that
Dr Jameson: Make you to him, said I, oh yes, it's so bad. I had to wear a brace when I was in middle school scoliosis itself does not hurt.
Alyse: Yeah, I know. I'm looking in that, you know, doing like with Europeans public that will help me with my back and a lot of my life I had ignore
Dr Jameson: It so that it might get worse before it gets better.
Alyse: Yeah, I know I've experienced it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, sorry, but
Dr Jameson: But it is good to do it. I hope I'm glad you're doing that.
Alyse: Well, being
Dr Jameson: And then we'll come back to him. Sure. Brittany and I think you need medicine right
Brittney Mettke: Yes, I need to know for sure.
Brittney Mettke: Okay.
Dr Jameson: And is that pharmacy going to fill your medicine.
Brittney Mettke: Yeah, because I didn't argue with them. Yeah, they'll show
Brittney Mettke: Well, I have had an issue with them. I can go and visit them, but I honestly where he's going. Now, it might just be better for me to switch. But just because I'm leaving, I'm on Friday. I'll be back Monday I, I'd rather
Dr Jameson: Just leave it alone. Yeah.
Brittney Mettke: Yeah, and
Brittney Mettke: Then, like any because you were doing it for the month now. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, it's not been an issue with me. Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: They were getting suspicious about all the early fills, I think.
Brittney Mettke: Yeah, the traveling
Dr Jameson: Because it like
Dr Jameson: You guys are a little bit, you know, outside the norm as far
Dr Jameson: As you know what I mean. And so I was like, No, no, there's
Brittney Mettke: Only two, and he was always one picking it up and they were just like there was like an issue of just being super judgmental and yeah and at one point you know he he had enough and let it known so they have no issue with me so I can go and pick up my medicine.
Dr Jameson: Well, I had
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I had spent like 15 minutes like talking her off the cliff about because then when she got word, have you confirm that they like she's speaking in a conference, have you confirm that and
Dr Jameson: Actually, as a matter of fact that
Dr Jameson: This is going to be where I live. Wait a minute. You're in Florida. What, and then
Brittney Mettke: I know
Brittney Mettke: So I did that they're all
Dr Jameson: Like what do we do we meet weekly we do do we do
Dr Jameson: Clan. I went through the whole program. That's what we're doing. And she was finally like, all right, like she was talking to the other. What do you want to do telemedicine.
Brittney Mettke: They literally wanted. They were just trying to find anything but like this CDs, where he goes to their director actually works with opiate patients and he's very so it's gonna be a lot easier. So like probably I'll switch just for us those pick it up. But for now, does he
Brittney Mettke: Care and hopefully there's no issue.
Dr Jameson: Oh you catch more flies with honey, as they say.
Brittney Mettke: I know I try it.
Dr Jameson: Right, I know you do. I know I'm just, I need just a general thing but it's
Brittney Mettke: Know your
Dr Jameson: Killer gets the better of you.
Brittney Mettke: Hard
Brittney Mettke: Yeah, it's hard to not want to say something to stand up for yourself.
Dr Jameson: Especially if they're being and so I know, I know.
Brittney Mettke: Yeah, I get it. Totally. That's just one thing I've always learned is that you do like
Brittney Mettke: A nice and calm, you know,
Dr Jameson: This isn't. It's a shame that
Brittney Mettke: They have the power, you know,
Brittney Mettke: It just, it just like crazy like power tripping and and I just, you know, I'm like, You should always assume innocence and give grace and they're not like that at all, but
Robert Bowlin: So how come I never see any flies around beehives
Dr Jameson: That's a good question.
Dr Jameson: He's being a smart. You know what, today I'm
Dr Jameson: Your medicine earlier. Robert, because I
Dr Jameson: Had left myself on a note for last week, which I missed and then today. I saw what was supposed to send his medicine so i just i did it about
Dr Jameson: Three o'clock.
Today,
Brittney Mettke: So you'll send mine tonight. Then, so I yeah
Brittney Mettke: And I don't know, it would it be me picking it up early. I don't think it. Well, I
Dr Jameson: Think so, because I
Brittney Mettke: Didn't
Brittney Mettke: Yeah, I don't think
I sent it on the 28th.
Dr Jameson: I don't know when they let you pick it up.
Brittney Mettke: Just want to make sure that I can get it by Friday. So I don't know if you have to make a note traveling
Well,
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Let me write that on that.
Brittney Mettke: Just for the week and it'll be fine. I'll work it out. Either way, gosh, this is the stuff that literally
Brittney Mettke: Makes me be, like, though. Want to just get off of it though. Honestly, I feel like I'm so like chained
Brittney Mettke: It's definitely better than heroin, obviously.
Well,
Dr Jameson: You know, I'm not gonna lie like having, you know, cutting dropping a quarter of a strip every couple days a week, so that you have a little bit
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then generally
Brittney Mettke: You know,
Dr Jameson: If you want to start tapering which see what happened. I mean, you can see what
Brittney Mettke: Else do it. Yeah, no, I definitely I'm some days I don't do take the full now.
Dr Jameson: Make that most days and then. Okay, let's do that every day and then
Dr Jameson: Start again.
Brittney Mettke: Do you feel like sometimes people like you could go like a little bit lower for a feud like and just leave it at that for a few days.
Dr Jameson: Or just do just do like one day at a slightly, slightly, slightly just a teeny bit lower dose.
Dr Jameson: Ideas for your body to barely notice it.
Brittney Mettke: Notice it at all. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And then do your regular dose for two or
Dr Jameson: Three days and then do the
Dr Jameson: Tiny slightly lower dose.
Dr Jameson: Again,
Brittney Mettke: What I noticed is when I did lower. And then, but I didn't. And I thought I was OK. The next day, and even the next day. But then the third day, I felt, and I was
Dr Jameson: Well that's, I think, not doing it multiple days.
Dr Jameson: Okay, might be better.
Dr Jameson: I mean, I will tell you I have several patients that I've kind of inherited recently who have been on it for a very long time and then very super, super gradually really gradually like
Dr Jameson: Yeah, very gradually so it's almost not noticeable face.
Brittney Mettke: Okay, cool.
Dr Jameson: Right, and then you just have to make sure you're super in touch with how you're doing. You know, when we tell you about these like the very first stage of relapse, where you just start thinking about, you know, you have to like really be
Dr Jameson: Well, yeah, basically.
Brittney Mettke: I would notice that I was a little bit more anxious than usual. And then I just feel okay yeah so I get. I get what you're saying, makes it
Dr Jameson: You just have to be really in touch and like it's not for everyone, like if you have to be someone who's like really
Dr Jameson: You know, just did, and like, you know, dealing with adversity without, you know, even thinking about using a couple times and then, like, make sure you're really
Dr Jameson: Solid and just always keep in mind. You know what you might have to go back up or something's going on and you okay
Dr Jameson: We can always backup and that's fine.
Brittney Mettke: Yeah, it totally I totally get that. Yeah.
Robert Bowlin: What
Robert Bowlin: When a last month when I had a problem with a medication. They wouldn't feel it because they said they had a pre author issue.
Robert Bowlin: They told me that the reason. Another reason that they're having issues is because I go every 20 I get a refill every 28 days.
Robert Bowlin: And that now they no longer allow you have to have a whole month's worth. I said, Well, once a month where she said 30 days. I said, What are you going to do in a month. That's 31 days.
Dr Jameson: Well, the reason we've done 28 is because
Dr Jameson: Usually when you do 30 like that's going to end up on a Sunday every so often and then you're not
Robert Bowlin: I don't know, it's just usually it works better if we do it.
Dr Jameson: On the same day of the week, every week and then we have our visit the same to it's
Yeah.
Robert Bowlin: It makes sense to me.
Robert Bowlin: I'm just telling you what the lady at care stores told me that they forced my
Robert Bowlin: Pre op through last month because the reason. One of the reasons was because I was trying to refill before 30 days. I said, Well, we've been doing it every 28 days for
Robert Bowlin: You know,
Dr Jameson: every four weeks.
Robert Bowlin: Hasn't been a problem yet. And so she said, Well, if you could pass the message on it went and changed this year with our whatever I guess they did a bunch of changes where they were like Walgreens went out of that really changes. Yeah.
Robert Bowlin: Yes, they have. They have not, and I'm from Florida, by the way.
Robert Bowlin: Yeah, I was born in Arcadia
Dr Jameson: Well, I live here now. I'm not from here, but
Brittney Mettke: Also, speaking of Florida no issue picking up the prescription
Brittney Mettke: Easy could have went anywhere.
Leah Stover: It's so funny.
Dr Jameson: How the regions are different. I don't know what that's about.
Brittney Mettke: I mean, I was like Jesus almost easier just come down here.
Brittney Mettke: Hey,
Dr Jameson: Okay. So, Michael, I think that's right.
Michael Hudson: Hi. Yeah. Can you not see me. I'm sorry.
Dr Jameson: Can I just make
Michael Hudson: Sure, I got this much standing
Michael Hudson: How are you, I'm good, how are you
Dr Jameson: I'm fine. You have you got your
Dr Jameson: Your, what's it called a
Leah Stover: stunt double
Michael Hudson: Jack yeah I gotta stand in for flash
Dr Jameson: And I know you need a refill.
Michael Hudson: How can I ask for tablet someone to go back to the tablets, if you don't mind.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: It's why just curious. I don't care about
Michael Hudson: Today, well my insurance. I didn't pay it last longer than I got a month, you're gonna have to pay out of pocket and you're extremely expensive on the film so
Dr Jameson: Make sure you're using the good Rx coupon to
Michael Hudson: Yeah, that's what I did doesn't use the coupon for the film is just not much else like pennies. So, okay, I kind of tablets takes it down to for the month like $70
Dr Jameson: That's okay.
Michael Hudson: Yeah, that's right. Research today. So it's my stupidity. Hopefully before the end of the month.
Dr Jameson: Leah.
Michael Hudson: Hi.
Leah Stover: Good to
Dr Jameson: See you. I was getting worried and I weren't here last week, or this week.
Dr Jameson: Earlier, I thought, Oh, what, how are you
Leah Stover: Oh god.
Leah Stover: Now,
Dr Jameson: Oh,
Sorry.
Martin’s iPhone: Guys.
I mean,
Leah Stover: I know it was birth to get them into
Leah Stover: Action.
Leah Stover: Baby
Richelle Direny: Okay, you understand her
Dr Jameson: Yeah, she was saying she thought she was happy. She was having paid last night and they kept coming. She thought maybe she was going into labor.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it was here I was hearing it very cracked
Dr Jameson: Cracked a little correctly, but
Leah Stover: Yeah.
Leah Stover: And so babies I she's, she's down there are
Leah Stover: Not getting ready. Like, like right now. I mean, I still film.
Leah Stover: Right now, but um
Leah Stover: Well, you know,
Dr Jameson: They have they you know those Braxton Hicks. I'm sure at least JUST HAD TWINS what four months ago. I'm going to
Alyse: I'm it'll be four months I'm again.
Dr Jameson: So, sometimes your
Alyse: You get blinking like
Dr Jameson: Warm up can like the muscles aren't getting
Dr Jameson: Ready.
Alyse: Yeah, baby. But if she's a really low, though, and there's, you know, entering the overheads really low. You're going to feel so much pressure. Anyways, and it's going to be so so yeah
Leah Stover: So is it hurting all day. Can you guys hear me.
Alyse: Yeah, so you got
Dr Jameson: You got checked out though. Right.
Leah Stover: Yeah, I mean, it's just she's just laying. I mean, they said to me, just a mom and my down don't do nothing extravagant
Dr Jameson: They don't have to twist your arm, I bet.
Leah Stover: And last week I had an appointment.
Leah Stover: And then some stuff happened after the appointment and I had to leave and go Marion my sister.
Leah Stover: She's firstly works at a glass company banking windows and she got her so my mom or my patients, kind of like off like we run up there. Now we get stuck here.
Leah Stover: But yeah, she was, she just kind of like I like twisted her ankle ankle.
Leah Stover: But she's all right.
Leah Stover: So the baby shower for me.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Leah Stover: I came back and my husband's family they bought me like $1,000 worth of stuff.
Dr Jameson: Oh my gosh, like
Leah Stover: Yeah, I am happy that this is Jessica. Good day.
Yeah, that's nice.
Leah Stover: Well,
Dr Jameson: You need to refill right
Leah Stover: You want. Yeah, down to speak to you about something that's kinda
Leah Stover: Yeah, I say it right here. But, well, we can better because I didn't do it in
Leah Stover: I can tell you
Leah Stover: Deserve test.
Leah Stover: Yeah, I, I didn't do that. I didn't do that.
Leah Stover: Okay, I don't know what that is. I did not do it.
Leah Stover: Because before that wasn't even my thing before it was anything like what I'm learning. Yeah, I was here without it.
Leah Stover: So I'm not real sure but well I'll just, I'll just stay on for a few minutes after we're done.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Yeah. Okay, well,
Dr Jameson: Alright.
Dr Jameson: Alright, well it sounds like you're getting getting closer to your delivery.
Dr Jameson: Package.
Dr Jameson: It'll be
Dr Jameson: Good to have you done any of the childbirth classes or anything.
Leah Stover: God, I should have. I should have walked all dude.
Dr Jameson: Wow.
Leah Stover: I don't get
Dr Jameson: Too late to do it. Maybe you could find out like a YouTube video or something.
Leah Stover: Well, Mom. Yeah, my breathing thing, I think,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I think that
Dr Jameson: Just knowing a little bit of what to expect. So it's not all completely foreign and because you're going to be in pain, and then you're scared and like it just I think having a little bit of preparation of what to expect. It might help make it less
Brittney Mettke: Oh, this is her first me
Brittney Mettke: Yeah. Oh.
Brittney Mettke: Hi Miss black
Richelle Direny: light headed, like you're
Richelle Direny: Getting lightheaded in the process.
Brittney Mettke: For C section. So I never got to do any of that.
Dr Jameson: I didn't either.
Leah Stover: Like
Leah Stover: I've never felt one guy will be pregnant stuff is something I've never fail. That's how I know it's
You know, to
Leah Stover: Three and night. There were kind of worried about it and I was like, wow.
Alyse: We're up to 40 these these so it's that's not nothing
Alyse: You know if they offer if they offer to give you a mirror. Some hospitals will offer to give you a mirror so you can actually see because like with my first son.
Alyse: I had no idea. Yeah, like, listen, you know, they saying bear down like if you are like pooping. Sorry guys, but
Alyse: But it's like, you know,
Alyse: It. That's so foreign to you when you're having your first baby. You have no idea. Even with on last class. They can prepare you for that feeling so they offer you know for a mirror so you can actually see what was going on. You can have a
Alyse: Better understanding of that push
Alyse: You know, and was it. It's beautiful to watch. At least it was for me. My son was
Alyse: So if they, you know,
Alyse: Just be prepared to just ask them, you know, like, Hey, do you guys do offer a mirror or something, you know,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and I better instead of
Leah Stover: Saying what I'm doing.
Dr Jameson: Is I'm having you crouch or like anyway they not just keep it. Anyway, hopefully they'll be
Leah Stover: open minded. Yeah, easy all
Dr Jameson: Right. Did I get to
Dr Jameson: Delivery. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, baby. I'm it it's it's in the moment. You don't think it's the greatest experience, but after that wins that little baby full kind of go, cuz
Richelle Direny: I thought about a lot, but you know once you see that little bundle of joy. If there's nothing better than that.
Leah Stover: And then
Dr Jameson: It. Yeah. And then as far as sometimes people, you know, worry about the baby having withdrawal symptoms.
Dr Jameson: Which can happen. But if you are able to breastfeed the likelihood is is
Dr Jameson: Much better than I mean, the chances of that are much smaller. If you're able to breastfeed, because then the baby still get some overtime.
Leah Stover: Oh, okay.
Leah Stover: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I mean, it's always good to breastfeed anyway. But in this case, it's like extra helpful.
Leah Stover: Yeah, I was like, Oh, I'm I think about that. I forgot about that. Yeah, I'm not good.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: It's good for all the antibodies and all the rest of it too, but
Robert Bowlin: They want us to change that because my wife was on 70 tax when she was pregnant. Yeah. And they specifically told her like they didn't want her to do it. Of course that was used nine now so nine years ago and
Dr Jameson: I think
Brittney Mettke: It's so different from nine years from my nine year old to when I just had my he's almost three like now I'm like, and I was on Zoloft, and like they're small, even with that. And they're like, Nurse. Nurse.
Brittney Mettke: You know, and he was breastfed he was almost to it. Definitely. They always push it now.
Brittney Mettke: It's much better if it's
Leah Stover: If
Dr Jameson: It's a better way for them to gradually wean off really i mean they'll
Brittney Mettke: Still get a little bit of whatever is in your system. Yeah.
Brittney Mettke: It just, the better. I think for bonding and everything.
I definitely
Dr Jameson: Cheaper than
Brittney Mettke: I think it's easier. I only had one that was on. I think the nerve breastfeeding was easier like sleeping at night and everything than the one that I had that was formula fed
Leah Stover: Yeah, it's natural. It's a natural version.
Dr Jameson: Preheated it's
Brittney Mettke: It's free. You don't say get up and make bottle.
Dr Jameson: Sort of left
Dr Jameson: It does leave you being the only one who can
Robert Bowlin: You handle with your time.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Downside
Martin’s iPhone: Fast food.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Richelle Direny: Everybody checked in.
Dr Jameson: I believe so.
Leah Stover: Okay, now let's talk to everybody. I'm going to use the bathroom.
Leah Stover: As like Eric to jack and now
This
Leah Stover: Other right back.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: I think that happened last week.
Dr Jameson: For thing.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. So we'll get started. I have a little
Dr Jameson: Martin house asleep going about any better.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm getting to sleep. I'm kinda it's kind of nice to have that
Martin’s iPhone: The dreams are just still the same. I mean, I know I'm gonna have to
Martin’s iPhone: Just keep going, counseling and
Martin’s iPhone: You know,
Martin’s iPhone: I had a sleep study on the fifth
Dr Jameson: Oh good, and they
Martin’s iPhone: Were supposed to do it before that, but the insurance did pre authorize it so at least
Dr Jameson: shocker. And then there's that em, Dr. Yeah. Which is good for
Richelle Direny: PTSD type sometimes that helps to
Martin’s iPhone: End our success.
Dr Jameson: So it's a
Dr Jameson: Well, I mean, it's just plain and Michelle because you
Dr Jameson: Probably can explain it better than I can.
Richelle Direny: I can. I know it's something about rapid eye.
Brittney Mettke: Movement rapid disorientation.
Brittney Mettke: Yeah. And you sit there and like how they move their fingers and everything I did that.
Brittney Mettke: For PTSD or yeah for a cup of for almost a year.
Dr Jameson: But I do think
Martin’s iPhone: I do want to measure it. Hence,
Brittney Mettke: It can be really intense but I definitely feel it helps. I was in like a long term treatment.
Brittney Mettke: And I do definitely feel like it helps, but you just have to make sure that I doing it regularly or with someone say, because sometimes it felt like he got a little bit worse. And then they got before it got better. I
Dr Jameson: Mean it's not like you show up and they just wham, I'll do
Dr Jameson: A lot of preparation. Yeah.
Brittney Mettke: A lot of its intense for sure but I definitely feel like it helps
Martin’s iPhone: I think that's what I'm doing. I can't remember off the list on the paper, but it said there was a particular test, they were doing.
Dr Jameson: Sleep studies, probably not. This is a type of counseling that's meant for the way it was explained to me, which, in layman's terms because I don't they
Dr Jameson: Right now memories are mixed in with emotions and feelings. Right. And so you think of it, and it makes you feel a lot of things. So what they're doing is it's a way of
Dr Jameson: Basically re cataloging, so instead of the memories being stored along with them with the emotion, they get separated into two different parts of your brain. So you can still remember things but they they don't trigger as much of the
Martin’s iPhone: Like
Dr Jameson: emotional response anymore over time. And for some reason, it had they move your eyes in a certain sequence as you're thinking about
Dr Jameson: Thing one or whatever thing, whatever. And then I that part. I don't know too much about, but that seems to kind of help your brain like beef. Beef stock store things in a different way.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I was gonna say that the
Martin’s iPhone: Severity of what I mean every once in a while, have this
Martin’s iPhone: The last dream. Well, not the last one, but a couple games ago
Martin’s iPhone: And it's weird because I can have the Dream Within it seems like meant a minute or two have fallen asleep.
Martin’s iPhone: I want to say dream, but a lot of them are basically nightmares I do recall having one country about two weeks ago, but the last major one. And the reason why I'm concerned is because in my dream I was fighting some guy.
Martin’s iPhone: I ended up getting behind him and I started to choke him and I was trying to break his neck, and I'm sorry I have to scrap it, but this is what I'm going through
Martin’s iPhone: I had a dream that I woke up and that I was doing that to my spouse and I got really upset and I stopped, but I couldn't get off of her
Martin’s iPhone: And within maybe 20 seconds after that I woke up and she was fine, but I wasn't okay so I mean I'm starting to get concerned, you know, I got to deal with this.
Dr Jameson: Well, I'm glad you're going to the sleep study because there may be some sort of like sleep cycle disorder and they may be able to help that with that.
Martin’s iPhone: I went to college for a year and in that I took psychology for a semester. And I remember them talking about REM sleep in.
Martin’s iPhone: After 90 minutes or so, sleep, it seems like that's and that's your dream when you started reading. I guess I don't understand why I'm just have it as Susan. Right. So there's something funny there. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I had an elderly couple one time when I was back in primary care and something like that it happened, her husband, like in the middle of the night.
Dr Jameson: Mean, she was this frail old lady with like rheumatoid arthritis. Like you could break her if you knew at or two, and he did something like that in his sleep. Same thing. And I'm like, he literally could have broken her neck. Luckily he did
Martin’s iPhone: You remember
Dr Jameson: We were like, I think we talked about them sleeping in different rooms until it got sorted out and like I mean it was. Yeah. It was scary.
Martin’s iPhone: I got up and I slept on the recliner. The rest of the night.
Martin’s iPhone: My girlfriend didn't handle. Do I thought it was gonna, I think I just kind of need to keep that to myself next time that happens. Yeah. Um, yeah, it's just
Dr Jameson: Oh yeah, well, I'm sorry. It's horrifying to even
Dr Jameson: Have a thought of that. And then, yeah, yeah. And you're seem like such a gentle like you're like, I can't even really imagine you fighting
Martin’s iPhone: Almost
Martin’s iPhone: Say 50% of the dreams I have and I never served in the military. I mean, I've done a lot of things, but
Martin’s iPhone: What a lot of the dreams are me being some kind of war or some kind of a situation where I have to fight people
Martin’s iPhone: Some of them are weird. You know that there's a misconception that when you fall in your sleep that when you hit the ground you wake up.
Martin’s iPhone: I feel the pain of hitting the ground in my sleep. It's not quite as severe as what you know obviously what it would be if
Dr Jameson: You're not actually falling, are you
Martin’s iPhone: In my dream.
Dr Jameson: And you're doing but you're not sleepwalking, and then
Martin’s iPhone: I don't think I am. But there's that's another thing when I was younger.
Martin’s iPhone: I remember one of the dreams dream that somebody was that I had me and my friend were playing with the dryer and I got him to my room is my brother, I think it was
Martin’s iPhone: And he he got stuck in the dryer was tumbling around in it and I literally woke up while what I did. I wasn't awake. I was sleeping stone. But I came downstairs and my dad said I was crying. Let him outside now is probably like 14 at the time.
Martin’s iPhone: Let him upside and in was trying to show them the dryer that he was in and you know there was no dryer. Another time, I ended up on a dresser and for some reason I was climbing to get peanut butter.
Martin’s iPhone: Now, who's on your dresser.
Dr Jameson: Huh. Wow.
Martin’s iPhone: So, but, I mean, I don't think I
Martin’s iPhone: Really don't know but i don't think i've slept since for a long time.
Dr Jameson: Well, this will be really helpful for that, you know, you make sure you tell them about all this. When you're going for the sleep study so they can know what to watch for target and he recommended recommendations for therapy.
Dr Jameson: But I still think, you know, people talk about analyzing dreams like it can be a matter for for you feeling like you're in a battle of some other kind, even an emotional one, you know, sometimes things are translated into funny way, your dreams. Anyway, so
Dr Jameson: I still think working with a therapist and continuing to process through that stuff is going to be worthwhile to. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Sorry, I got dropped off the subject.
Richelle Direny: I think I do actually believe that dreams do have meaning it's just a matter of exactly how the dreams that you're having
Richelle Direny: Oftentimes there's a correlation between like the people that are in the dream and what you're doing, there's a correlation
Richelle Direny: There's a saying that Dreams don't walk straight, meaning that the dream. You're having
Richelle Direny: doesn't exactly mean like you see how you say you're choking your girlfriend. It doesn't mean that you are. It's but there's there's a correlation between
Richelle Direny: The individual being your girlfriend is somebody close to you and the whole war thing, there's a there's a dream is to have meaning and I truly believe that.
Richelle Direny: I think throughout my life I, you know, I've had dreams in a really weird. And there's a particular team that happening that later on. I found out what the tree was really meant and it actually was true.
Martin’s iPhone: Read part of one. So it's a real there's a book out that came out in the 90s. I read part of it was about, you know, that what what your dreams mean and things and
Martin’s iPhone: I know there's more to it than yeah
Richelle Direny: There's there's various is dreams do have a meaning, especially when they are repetitive and the content in somewhat the same
Richelle Direny: There is a meaning behind it, you're fighting with something like in like I know when I used to get really stressed, I would have a particular dream, and then later on.
Richelle Direny: Because I don't dream often and later on I realized what the dream meant and it
Richelle Direny: Found to be true, but again if yours couldn't be committed to other things. So I'm not saying with documents and said, you know, speaking with a therapist. Also, you know, doing your sleep study is definitely a route to go but I truly believe that.
Richelle Direny: So sometimes what you're going through throughout the day. Somehow kind of goes right back into our if you're watching a particular I
Richelle Direny: Mean, another thing when you're watching a particular movie or a series of movies somehow kind of crawl right into your dream, all of a sudden you're having this crazy dream.
Martin’s iPhone: And it's really good.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'll wake up and and
Martin’s iPhone: My girlfriend beyond her phone next to me and I'll say how long always asleep and to say, I don't know, but like probably only a couple of minutes.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, it's, it's weird. It's, you know, I don't fall asleep during the day and daydream, obviously. I mean, I take naps, or I want to take a nap a lot but
Martin’s iPhone: When I take a nap. I mean, I have them.
Martin’s iPhone: There's a lot of dreams where I'm incarcerated and either trying to like smuggle drugs in or trying to get or I'm not trying to get out. But I'm with a group of people that are
Martin’s iPhone: Trying to get out and I'm kind of like stuck with them. And I actually one dream I had this is weird. I mean, it's their dreams are weird but
Martin’s iPhone: I was in like a giant. I don't think I can describe is like a play police would be like plastic balls somehow that was the fenced in area around the jail. I was in, and I had to climb through like that.
Yes.
Robert Bowlin: All part of the simulation.
Martin’s iPhone: My neck, make sure I'm not
Martin’s iPhone: Connected in any work.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, so
Richelle Direny: I'm just going to read. I know I like to
Richelle Direny: Read different things. I'm like, something that I've listened to. And I thought, oh, this will be a great discussion for our group, and I know we have a shorter time. That's okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, I'm going to read a little statement, which I thought was pretty interesting. And it all relates back to if you notice, like it within my group, it's always kind of discussing
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, things that you appreciate, you know, be mindful living in the moment and just kind of thinking about some of the things that you still battle with, whether it be anger, whatever it is that you still battle with because oftentimes the things that you battle with
Richelle Direny: Without realizing it, we feed it, and with feeding it if someone keeps us in bondage in ourselves within ourselves.
Richelle Direny: Um, so I like to just talk about, like, just being aware of our actions or behaviors or just even how our. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Being aware of your thoughts and how those thoughts gets translated actions in our behaviors and our emotions and what have you. So I'm going to read this statement. And I just want you to just consider and think about
Richelle Direny: What part of this are you feeding currently in your day to day life. So it says a wise man was talking to a boy and said, there are tools always fighting inside of
Richelle Direny: One is filled with anger, hate jealousy shame and lies the other wolf is will filled with love, joy, truth and peace. This battle rages inside all of men.
Richelle Direny: The boy thought for a moment and ask, well, which will flow in the old man answered the one that you see. So I want you to just think about
Richelle Direny: What, which one are you when you think about your day to day lives. The things that you're encountering especially your stressors or whatever that may be. What will keep your feet or are you aware of which one
Richelle Direny: You're feeding or are you unaware. So that's kind of the question, when you just think about it for a second and ask you
Richelle Direny: What are you feeling
Richelle Direny: And the one that you're feeding is the one that translates into the
Martin’s iPhone: Great on a day to day basis.
Richelle Direny: So I'm going to have Brittany want to go ahead and share
Brittney Mettke: Yeah, um, I actually, I heard this a few times told in different ways. But I, I feel like I always and I always try to operate from a part of the positive perspective and a lot of things I tried to be solution oriented and not a right away. I'm just because
Brittney Mettke: I said, I've just learned. It's the only way to get through things so like I don't just sit there and like dwell on you know when shitty things happen. I always just try to be like, Okay, this is what I, you know, this is what it is and what can I do about it right now.
Brittney Mettke: And that's how you know I haven't always been that way. That's definitely how I operate now.
Brittney Mettke: So I don't feel I don't feed the wrong wolf.
Fleeting
Richelle Direny: Moment.
Richelle Direny: There were always presented with two things in
Brittney Mettke: Ways. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, you have you saying that you think about in the moment. Okay, what can I
Brittney Mettke: Write
Brittney Mettke: Like I'm usually just like okay this is this is whole oh this is not ideal. I mean even pretty recently I've had, you know, a sick.
Brittney Mettke: Last week I wasn't last week, I thought I was going
Brittney Mettke: I have seven felony convictions and they changed the law in Ohio where they're letting people get expired, getting them expunged. If they were lower level felonies.
Brittney Mettke: And I got a lawyer and I was all helpful and then I found out there were only I'm doing it. If they're up to five and right away.
Brittney Mettke: I got really upset because they you know just through my life like the last 10 years, even though I'm better, it's just always a reminder and
Brittney Mettke: And you know, I wanted to get feeling discouraged and, you know, like, but then right away. I just kind of popped out and like okay well what can I get out of this. What can I do, you know,
Brittney Mettke: And instead of, I guess, just like throwing myself a pity party I i do i think i do pretty well snapping myself out of those situations today, not all that there's definitely a
Moment.
Brittney Mettke: Okay, thank you so much. Thank you, Robert. You want to go ahead and share
Richelle Direny: Robert, if you're talking, you're on mute.
Robert Bowlin: Sorry, can you hear me now. Yes. All right. First one asked her, Brittany, a question. When did they pass a law because I have a long
Brittney Mettke: Term felony and I really
Robert Bowlin: Liked the root of it.
Brittney Mettke: October of 2019 so pretty recently.
Robert Bowlin: Said you said representation charge
Brittney Mettke: Yeah, if it's just one possession charge, they're knocking those out.
Robert Bowlin: Yeah, they weren't money before
Robert Bowlin: That's good to know.
Robert Bowlin: Me. Most of the time I tried to feed the good wolf. But sometimes the bad wolf sneaks in and steals the food from the good wolf. So, I mean, I always try to
Robert Bowlin: I try to think positive to and I mean there's gonna be bad shit that happens all the time. But you can either be part of the problem or part of the solution.
Robert Bowlin: And I tried to try to be the solution because if I get caught up in being part of the problem, then nothing gets better. Just seems to get worse. So, I mean, I try to find a silver lining and everything, it's not always easy, and I can't say that I always find it.
Robert Bowlin: Sometimes I'll let that bad wolf get fed. Occasionally, you know, it's just
Robert Bowlin: My nature, I guess, but I try to be quick about catching myself and redirect and myself and
Robert Bowlin: You know, I mean if I snapped at my wife or my son, whatever, just because I was in a bad mood from work and I'm bringing work home then. Yeah.
Robert Bowlin: I gotta be the big guy and go to apologize and tell him I was wrong and such doing that because I had King baby syndrome where I think the whole world should be delivered to me on a silver platter.
Robert Bowlin: But
Robert Bowlin: You know, it's just
Robert Bowlin: It's not how life works so
Dr Jameson: Just be very disappointed.
Dr Jameson: Oh,
Richelle Direny: My God says, you know, we both we we
Richelle Direny: All it says all men, we have it raging on the inside. And I think instinctively. We are all by nature are very impulsive.
Richelle Direny: Something happen.
Richelle Direny: impulsively by nature will kind of go to that wolf that you are going to feed it, but that's automatically where you go to. So you have to be kind of aware and say okay
Richelle Direny: You know what, let me kind of find a way to calm down and let me think of a different way of how to handle it. Because like you said, if you go the impulsive route.
Richelle Direny: You end up becoming part of the problem. And now it's just like the whole thing is just beyond your control at that point.
Richelle Direny: So I think it's just everything is just kind of being aware being like okay let me find a way to calm down and let me not act upon my impulses because naturally are all very impulsive, the
Richelle Direny: Person who says that they're not impulsive have some denial going on there. Maybe don't
Richelle Direny: Like, or what impulsive is
Richelle Direny: Right but naturally. We're all just impulsive and we were prone to want to feed that will anchor of self pity or whatever it is we
Richelle Direny: naturally want to do it, but
Richelle Direny: We just have to think, Okay, you know what, let me like the one of the things like I teach my daughter. Now we have to practice the art of ignoring
Richelle Direny: Because when we ignore. It's not that it's just like, Oh, you just want no I'm ignoring you. Because I'm calling myself down right now. That's what I'm doing. That's really truly what I'm doing. Because if I really act of how I'm thinking
Richelle Direny: It's not gonna be good for both of us. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And that's just kind of out you read a wreck yourself to feel that good wolf to calm down. Think about it, and then move on.
Robert Bowlin: I mean, there's even done. I have to just remove myself completely and just leave the whole situation just till I can get my head straight and then come back and you know and then try to deal with it then. And sometimes that's
Robert Bowlin: Not the right thing to do. And the other person's eyes but
Robert Bowlin: And I try to explain that afterwards that you know if it may have made you upset at first, but believe me if I would have stayed in this would have continued and
Robert Bowlin: They were much worse than what they are now. So wouldn't
Richelle Direny: Open it's, you know, people can respect it or they don't. But
Robert Bowlin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm saving you from me.
Robert Bowlin: Exactly.
Richelle Direny: Robert
Robert Bowlin: Yeah, no problem.
Richelle Direny: Martin, could you go ahead and share
Martin’s iPhone: I know I hit my head three or four times this week. And every time I did. I got mad.
The one
Martin’s iPhone: I got shocked. I was up in a buddy of mine, put in some GMC either
Martin’s iPhone: They interrupt the circuit if you get like water, so you don't get electrocuted and
Martin’s iPhone: The light switches were on a separate breaker and you know I just was kind of hurry in and I pulled one out and I grabbed both sides bit
Martin’s iPhone: And it just so happens that he had left the cupboard door open in a came up and I hit it and I have like an on and off switches and it seemed like that just triggered it. And I just got mad and he said, You Are you okay, Miss, uh, yeah. But in my head. I was cussing and he was upset.
Martin’s iPhone: It's hard for me not to feed my dogs on the wolves.
Martin’s iPhone: I guess they all need attention but you gotta
Martin’s iPhone: Sometimes I'm gullible and sometimes I'm
Martin’s iPhone: No, I don't know how to explain it just seems like
Martin’s iPhone: It's hard for me not to get rid of some of them animals.
Martin’s iPhone: It's
Martin’s iPhone: I feed anger a lot and having the knowledge on in an off switch.
Martin’s iPhone: Sometimes, you know, I take it on. Oh, my girlfriend. All y'all here for something and
Martin’s iPhone: You know, I'll apologize to her takes good 510 minutes for me to come down from that anger.
Martin’s iPhone: I lost the good job. That way you know the guy.
Martin’s iPhone: was upset because I messed up a gutter and I mean it's an easy fix. But he had been
Martin’s iPhone: He had had a lot of problems with the last three or four jobs and they were bearing down on him and instead of keeping my mouth shut. I blamed him for everything I could, and walked away from the job and that really hurt me.
Martin’s iPhone: My biggest
Martin’s iPhone: Dangerous wolf is one that I'm dealing with and
Martin’s iPhone: Like to just keep learning on how to
Martin’s iPhone: How to relax and how to let things go. My dad gave me the biggest, best advice I've ever heard. Which was if Mark is not right. Nothing is right and
Martin’s iPhone: That's true. You know, it's what I'm trying to stay sober because I definitely am more goal, but when I'm hi I'm I let my guard down, it's not good for me it's not good for anybody around me and I start to do bad things, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: And that shows takes a lot of time to repair the past, especially as much as I've accumulated. I still had finds that I'm dealing with from back when I was 19 it's crazy.
Martin’s iPhone: I will say, though, in the last two years that my fines have, you know, I've been able to I've been more sobering less two years and I have my entire life.
Martin’s iPhone: You got to stay sober and the times that I relapsed I gave you know I gave into the drugs and I would spend, spend, spend, and I would rob cheat, lie, steal, whatever I needed to get him. I turned into a totally different person not proud of that. And that's not who I want to be.
Martin’s iPhone: And far about four months ago and pretty sure that my son and his buddy. A friend of mine. Matter of fact,
Martin’s iPhone: They store some stuff out of my garage and they set the fire to
Martin’s iPhone: Cover up with the stove and, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: I was. Yeah, it was messed up while all that happened. I couldn't piece anything together.
Martin’s iPhone: And now that I teach it all together. I kind of hinted to my son that I was looking for some tools and if he knew, and boy, the ladder.
Martin’s iPhone: That I needed it, you know, stuff because I never found the remnants of is in the fire, and I was heading to my son's house to get some weed when that happened,
Martin’s iPhone: I just don't have happened is I came back and I think what happened was the guy was in my garage and he was talking to my son.
Martin’s iPhone: To try to get me back out house. My son's Rodman, are you, are you on your way yet or young way yet.
Martin’s iPhone: I got so mad that I wanted to
Martin’s iPhone: You know, I'm not proud of it. But I messaged my son and I was going to set him up to come see me and I was just going to dump the living crap out of him.
Martin’s iPhone: And I, I'm not proud of that.
Dr Jameson: Well, you didn't do it though.
No, I didn't.
Dr Jameson: Maybe that's
Dr Jameson: Writing dreams you have
Richelle Direny: No, it seems like I'm like, Okay, I'm not a dream interpreter, but
Richelle Direny: It sounds like your dreams are
Richelle Direny: If you're not only just fighting with yourself, but you're fighting with so many different people and maybe the core on your side.
Richelle Direny: You have so much anger towards maybe yourself into so many people around you and that's where your dreams are coming from.
Dr Jameson: Or you have to suppress the fight in real life. Thankfully, you are able to, but then the anger has nowhere to go. Yes.
Martin’s iPhone: Take a
Boxing.
Martin’s iPhone: Well I you know I
Martin’s iPhone: Actually saw you said that because I keep walking past
Martin’s iPhone: And nevertheless box. And again, you know, punching bag it store and I'm almost ready to buy it because I get that mad but you know i think that's might not be a good thing for me to take my anger and any physical way.
Martin’s iPhone: Other than, you know, biking or, you know,
Dr Jameson: Then yeah, gaining through the with help from my cows are gaining your voice to address things when they happen with words. And, you know, and
Richelle Direny: That's, that's, that's, I'm telling you, dreams, to have a lot in there.
Dr Jameson: It.
Richelle Direny: Sounds like the
Richelle Direny: Monster in your dream or whatever you become in that dream is the anger. It's the anger. The, the, the
Richelle Direny: The amount of anger. It seems like all of your anger or just piled up on top of one another and they're just getting bigger and bigger. So maybe that's what your dream is telling you so much anger locked up inside of you, they're just kind of, you need to work through letting it go
Martin’s iPhone: And manage myself for
Martin’s iPhone: For for the biggest part because if I hadn't been trying to chase a high
Martin’s iPhone: There's so many things that I would have avoided.
Martin’s iPhone: Accident
Martin’s iPhone: Injuries and fights.
Richelle Direny: You
Richelle Direny: Use the drugs to
Richelle Direny: Help
Richelle Direny: To suppress them of that anger and you use the truck, so to say, you know, if you never chased the high, this would not happen, but you are chasing it because of
Richelle Direny: All of the different things that was going on in your life and how were your inability to cope with all the different things that was going on, but again that's that's individuals.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I mean, being mad at myself, uh, you know, in a way, I deserve to be mad at myself because sobered up and I've come to realize that, how many people and let her me
Martin’s iPhone: I knew they were doing and I let him and I always had this philosophy that if I gave somebody a leash and they took it. I gave him 20 bucks and they took it. That was the best 20 bucks I ever spent unfortunately I spent thousands of dollars and
Martin’s iPhone: starting to realize that if I don't put myself in that situation.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, obviously along in life you know you're going to come into things that you can avoid I probably couldn't have avoided this my son was probably going to do something either way.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm not certain, but you know
Dr Jameson: I don't like to
Martin’s iPhone: blame them.
Dr Jameson: You can't all wet that that he did that, though, that was not your
Martin’s iPhone: Last like
Martin’s iPhone: I lost $30,000 worth of stuff three animals almost my life and my dogs his life and
Richelle Direny: This
Martin’s iPhone: Message, my son, he put on
Martin’s iPhone: Facebook, just so you know I'm not your friend.
Martin’s iPhone: He posted that to to in general, but I knew it was directed at me and I did everything I could for that.
Martin’s iPhone: Unfortunately, I couldn't get him out of the scene that you know he was living in a bar and his mom and his grandpa ran a bar here in town on it today.
Martin’s iPhone: And he was experienced a lot of people
Martin’s iPhone: And every time I tried to reprimand when he was at my house.
Martin’s iPhone: His parents or grandparents his other parents or grandparents would come and take him because he complained that he didn't like the rules, so I couldn't even install anything on him because he was able to escape it. And now I see him doing some things that
Martin’s iPhone: I know I was a bad kid, you know, I did a lot of bad stuff. And I've done things in my adult life. But when you see your child doing it. I hope it hurts everybody that sees their kid do that. That's one of the biggest things that can be sober.
Martin’s iPhone: Part of the nightmares that I have
Martin’s iPhone: Are about the fire about finding the animals about trying to escape.
Martin’s iPhone: And
Martin’s iPhone: I like the fact that I'm trying to deal with it. But when I wake up the first hour of my day, sometimes the way to get back at those people
Martin’s iPhone: I am thankful that I have not acted on that I have to be the better man. But in a way, I feel like a coward, because I could have done.
Martin’s iPhone: And I don't
Richelle Direny: I'm going to recommend
Martin’s iPhone: That's a hard wolf to handle
Richelle Direny: It's a big wolf is, this is what I would recommend as you're talking, I recommend that if you have a pair of different
Richelle Direny: That would recommend that each time that you go to therapy, you take out something out of that back. You can unload it all at one time take something out of that man.
Richelle Direny: That you're going to talk about you're going with the intention that you are going to talk about it. You're going to release it and you're going to leave it there and you're going to walk out of that room and you're going to say. All right.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: No longer holding on to it. It's no
Richelle Direny: Longer A WAY TO BE UP A hinderance a shackle and that's what you're doing. You're taking it out and you're really, you're going to take out one issue at a time that you bring to each one of your therapy sessions.
Richelle Direny: And then you leave it when you're gone. You're not allowed to go back to pick it up. You're not allowed to say hey you know what you want to come back home with me now you're saying right there.
Richelle Direny: And each session. I'm going to recommend that you do that once you're going to take out each problem each thing.
Richelle Direny: That's what you're going to discuss in therapy, you're going to leave it there until eventually your duffel bag is empty and you can live
Richelle Direny: And I think that will help to decrease, a lot of those nightmares, because I think a lot of your nightmares are related to things of your past and what you still struggle with today.
Richelle Direny: And I think that there are people who go to. I mean, being a therapist. I can see it. People come to therapy and they're not willing to let go the therapist is working with them and helping them to
Martin’s iPhone: Let
Richelle Direny: Go, but it's so hard that you walk back out of the room with the problem instead of saying, Okay, I'm ready to let go of one thing and this is the one thing, and I'm not going to pick it back up. So I would definitely recommend that when you do
Robert Bowlin: It.
Robert Bowlin: Can I say something real quick.
Robert Bowlin: My dad always told me that I mean, are you saying you feel like a coward. My dad always told me that it takes the stronger man to be able to walk away and not not go in and and fall to that level. So, I mean, you can look at different ways. You know what I'm saying. But just a little
Robert Bowlin: You know word to maybe make you think that, you know, you might think you're a coward, but really you're the stronger man because you're, you're not fall. You're not stupid to that level and feeding into that show
Dr Jameson: I agree.
Dr Jameson: That takes a lot of of strength.
Richelle Direny: Courage and
Martin’s iPhone: I'm definitely glad that I i have i don't have to put that on my conscious
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, you would just feel that much worse, it would just be that much more angry at yourself. Right.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't even trust myself, you know, to say that I can say 100% that that's what happened. But I'm 90% sure sounds
Martin’s iPhone: That 10% tells me, Martin, if you did that you might not even be doing it for the right reasons, let alone, trying to justify
Martin’s iPhone: You know what they did. Karma was gonna get them.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, land you in trouble will get anything else.
Dr Jameson: I do think that we got to go because it's after nine but I'm
Sorry.
Dr Jameson: Finding some sort of
Dr Jameson: Physical, whether it's exercise or I'm not kidding, like a martial arts of some kind or something where you can actually blow off some of this energy in a in a safe, healthy way. Actually, it might actually be helpful for you.
Martin’s iPhone: Normally I take a lot of it out at work. I'm a carpenter by trade, I need to get
Martin’s iPhone: I can demolish stuff.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's good.
Robert Bowlin: So what is Jesus.
Martin’s iPhone: good cook, too. So, I mean, when I'm done.
Richelle Direny: Guys, SO I'M SORRY EVERYBODY didn't get to share what I know we're kind of ran out of time, so we will join us again next week.
Richelle Direny: I'm saying, same time if it's, you know, depending on the day that you come on the if you're every other month of same day, same time, we'll both be here already waiting. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Michael, can you hang on just one second. I have a question for you.
Richelle Direny: I think, last one.
Dr Jameson: Yes, that's fine.
Dr Jameson: Alright, Martin I
Dr Jameson: I really admire your, your openness about this. I'm sure these are things are hard to talk about. I, I think you're on your you're on the right path because you're going into these
Dr Jameson: Kind of areas. This is going to get you wearing trying to go
Martin’s iPhone: Well, I hope everybody else opens up to any of their problems don't hide it.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, it's a lot easier if you just talked about.
Dr Jameson: You feel better already probably
Robert Bowlin: Change is uncomfortable.
Robert Bowlin: Good week
Michael Hudson: Bye guys.
Dr Jameson: Elise, are you, are you good
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: And I live.
Richelle Direny: On the fifth at nine o'clock.
Alyse: In the morning
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Okay.
Alyse: Bye.
Dr Jameson: I hope you feel better.
Alyse: Really, so I am killing me.
Dr Jameson: I'm gonna you MC K supposed to help shorten the duration.
Alyse: What's the call.
Dr Jameson: You you MC K. It's like a geranium extract or something that
Alyse: Was the over the counter.
Dr Jameson: That and elderberry
Alyse: Yeah, I've heard elderberry I was trying to do like that. I came in the beginning, you know, the nose.
Alyse: But I just think like was lack of sleep, and with lack of proper nutrition and being stressed out.
Alyse: Probably made everything a lot. Where's the room. So how are you. I'm so sick life has been so d amp D around here lately so
Dr Jameson: But I didn't get to share today. Oh.
Alyse: Oh. Oh, bother with show
Alyse: me all about it.
Dr Jameson: Anything sooner. Okay.
Alyse: Okay, thank you. You guys have a nice week
Dr Jameson: You got me as the host right Michelle.
Richelle Direny: Is last still there.
Dr Jameson: Well,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
If
Richelle Direny: I know we're supposed to see each
Michael Hudson: Week, but
Richelle Direny: I'm doubting that you're going to make it to your due date.
Richelle Direny: Now, so we send the message. If you go in early. Okay.
Leah Stover: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Richelle Direny: All right, but hope if every if you go down earlier. Have a safe delivery.
Okay.
Leah Stover: Yeah, thank you.
Dr Jameson: So good. Great.
Leah Stover: And
Leah Stover: Jameson.
Leah Stover: Yeah, I'm
Leah Stover: Like last night for me. My husband were talking and I just you know racking my brain trying to figure out what the hell. What kind of been
Leah Stover: A work it happen.
Leah Stover: Yeah, he said, Don't don't remember when we
Leah Stover: Say no names or anything.
Leah Stover: And
Leah Stover: So little trailer, like a camper pretty much
Leah Stover: A Neighbor neighbor.
Leah Stover: Yes, and I can match it never liked what he said, remember you said one will go outside.
Leah Stover: Go outside, but I was in there for about
Leah Stover: Oh, five, six, maybe 10 minutes
Leah Stover: Yeah, I thought that that model. And that's the one thing I think of because I haven't done that.
Leah Stover: Okay, I won't be there.
Dr Jameson: And you're gonna stay away from that trailer. Right.
Leah Stover: Oh, yeah.
Leah Stover: Yeah, that was pretty good, but pretty much
Leah Stover: Yeah.
Leah Stover: That's it, yeah.
Dr Jameson: No, no, no, no worries.
Leah Stover: No. All right.
Dr Jameson: Good luck. If I don't see it before you have this
Dr Jameson: Baby. Good luck.
Leah Stover: Okay, yeah, one more thing. One more thing. Yeah. You think the prior authorization thing will go through
Dr Jameson: It should I don't
Dr Jameson: Oh so Danielle. If there's i don't know i don't get in the middle of those too much.
Leah Stover: Okay, well, just all be and yeah like whatever happened. Okay.
Leah Stover: All right, you
Dr Jameson: Take care. Hi.
Dr Jameson: Hey, I didn't want to call you out in front of everyone. Either your, you know, your test came back positive for something that wasn't supposed to be there to. Did you know that
Michael Hudson: Probably did yeah Adderall. I had a prescription for Adderall. When I started this
Dr Jameson: Okay well unless they read it on that wasn't it. Did you have any like procedures done or anything sedatives
Dr Jameson: Said barbiturates know
Michael Hudson: Would only thing I've got in my system would be the
Michael Hudson: amphetamine. And I don't mean barbiturate
Michael Hudson: Taking having
Michael Hudson: haven't taken anything. I honestly haven't. The only thing on
Michael Hudson: Go.
Dr Jameson: Well, it's possible they they read like they were you know i mean they wrote the wrong.
Dr Jameson: I can't, like, I tried to look at them, but it's all blurry. And I can't tell which one is which line.
Michael Hudson: Right, yeah.
Michael Hudson: Richard I'm trying to see if
Michael Hudson: This happened, what
Michael Hudson: Just happened once before on some I was taken and describing is showing up as a barbecue. One of them was
Michael Hudson: There's a possibility that I did, it's
Michael Hudson: I'll tell you what I'll do, I'll look through my prescriptions and tell you what I've taken because I take medical diabetic stuff. And one of them.
Michael Hudson: Is take yeah oh yeah
Dr Jameson: Oh, I don't have that written. Now, what do you think
Michael Hudson: I'm sorry. Um,
Well, I don't think I was your fault.
Michael Hudson: Which one of those shows up as a barbiturate and it's I take that to me.
Uh huh.
Michael Hudson: Do you take
Dr Jameson: A while I'm at it. Is it 500 or thousand
Michael Hudson: Two. A day 5000 2500 to 1000 invoke honor
Michael Hudson: To listen to it once a week.
Gotcha.
Michael Hudson: Yeah, so I got to talk to you about food. Yeah, there is another it's muscle relaxer I've had an infection in my leg here for the last week and a half.
Of illness.
Dr Jameson: Or something.
Michael Hudson: Yeah, maybe flexor all are trying to think of the name of it. I've got it there. This happened before.
Michael Hudson: When I was going to pain. Doctor, actually this is okay and they coming up for barbiturates so I'll look and see what it is because it's something, it's nothing major. I promise you I'll give you my word.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, no, I wasn't
Michael Hudson: I know
Dr Jameson: Right. And then so you think there's Tramadol there's flexor was just like, whoa benza Preen they're
Michael Hudson: Flexible I definitely I take flexor all
Michael Hudson: Okay, yeah. Do you have flexible, but I didn't know that was a barbecue.
Michael Hudson: Well,
Dr Jameson: It's a muscle relaxant, but I don't know whether I'd have to look it up on their cross reacts.
Michael Hudson: Tramadol I've had before. I don't know. But I remember them bringing it up because she was like I was trying to figure out what what's
Dr Jameson: An Adderall or what do you think
Michael Hudson: When I started here. I had an Adderall prescription and I had this six or seven left in the bottle and
Michael Hudson: This driving thing where I've been driving. I've just been so worn out. And one night I was driving and I told her, when she was going to take the test done. And she said, what didn't show up. So yeah, that's, that's what I thought you were asking about
Dr Jameson: Yeah, no.
Michael Hudson: Idea.
Dr Jameson: I'm like, wow, that's not one that people
Dr Jameson: Don't see that
Michael Hudson: From the 70s. Right. Yeah.
Michael Hudson: Yeah.
Michael Hudson: I'm old. I'm
Michael Hudson: Me like
Dr Jameson: You. I want you to read up or learn a little bit about how diet can reverse diabetes, you know this. I mean,
Michael Hudson: I've lost 70 pounds.
Dr Jameson: Oh, awesome.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: There's. Do you have Netflix.
Michael Hudson: Yes.
Dr Jameson: There's a documentary on there called Forks Over Knives.
Dr Jameson: And so it's actually you can eat as much as you want, but you have to eat the right kinds of foods or avoid the ones that are toxic to us, which are
Dr Jameson: That come from animals, basically, which is never well received, but
Michael Hudson: It's true.
Dr Jameson: We see people literally come
Dr Jameson: Off their diabetes meds. If they switched to a plant based diet.
Dr Jameson: Fact, in fact, you can't just do it because you're on so many meds your sugars would drop like dangerous if you just tomorrow started a plant based diet. So it would have to be done under supervision, but
Dr Jameson: At least watch the documentary. And then there's there's some more.
Dr Jameson: Well, there's game changers and there's fed up. And there's what the health isn't actually that would be good to watch what the health system, what the hell.
Dr Jameson: Just be like,
Dr Jameson: Look into it. And unfortunately, I was one of them. I only recently stumbled somebody introduced me to these
Dr Jameson: Things, because you don't hear about it in med school and the mainstream doesn't really understand they don't buy into it. The science is kind of suppressed because it doesn't jive with our agro industrial complex.
Michael Hudson: Here.
Dr Jameson: And pharma Big Pharma either like if we cure diabetes, they wouldn't be selling something drugs. So I'm cynic in me. But anyway, um, I think you might be interested. And even if it's not, if you're not 100% if you're 80% or even 75% you're still going to have better
Dr Jameson: better outcomes and better blood sugars, because all this
Dr Jameson: That's what they teach us through this medicine that that's not this medicine and they don't, we don't ever like, wait a minute. Let's go back to the root of
Michael Hudson: My he wants, he was like a 12 seven and I finally got got it back down to seven. So that's a good seven and that's great. I have, I have a new diabetic. Dr. Darcy now twice a year, or actually three times.
Michael Hudson: Okay, and she's, she's up my rear end about it so we can work on and you can
Dr Jameson: Ask if she's familiar with any of the science in the plant based diet and like there's like there's a thing called the American College of lifestyle medicine and they have a big website, there's probably studies and stuff on there too. You could look into, but
Dr Jameson: Don't do anything without talking to somebody first because and somebody that seems like they know about it, because what we find is that almost instantly.
Dr Jameson: You have to start dropping or eliminate dropping doses or stopping meds because the sugars just
Michael Hudson: Go down. That's the worst feeling in the whole wide world.
Michael Hudson: Ya know, that's what my wife suffers from queue at she drops and that's that's her pancreas just bottoms out. Yeah. And I felt at a couple of times like that. And it's the worst. Yeah, I can't imagine feeling well dangerous. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: I mean it's dangerous. So it sounds like maybe as you lost so much weight, they may be able to start dropping doses anyway but
Dr Jameson: That might you might. I mean, it depends how long you've had diabetes. So you may not ever get off to all of your meds, but you can certainly get down and those are expensive. I don't need to tell you if some of them so
Michael Hudson: 800 bucks.
Michael Hudson: without insurance one Bob
Dr Jameson: Are you wanting
Michael Hudson: To know
Michael Hudson: Like saying when I was in to know what when I was insulin dependent and, you know,
Dr Jameson: Yeah, okay.
Michael Hudson: Yeah, so it's like couldn't believe how much it cost me I'll watch that I watch that. And then, yeah, it's
Dr Jameson: It's sort of and you want tablets don't let me
Michael Hudson: Write you if you don't mind if that's okay. Yeah.
Michael Hudson: I'm old enough to honestly will tell you. I can answer your question, but I will look and see you again. I haven't felt well but I haven't taken anything that I know.
Michael Hudson: I haven't taken a pain medication or anything like that. So I'll look and see, because this is a trace of something that came up and I will keep thinking about it because
Michael Hudson: She kept saying, you know, the barbiturates are popping up and you're showing your system trace amounts and she goes, I couldn't figure out where they're from. But there's one
Michael Hudson: But I have had flexible and I'm I do take that that was just, I mean that was that's not
Dr Jameson: That's okay. I am if we're really that worried. We can always send you to blow the lab where they do the higher level tests that have less false. I mean, some of them so false positives, but
Michael Hudson: Anyway,
Dr Jameson: If it keeps happening. Maybe we'll think about that next time.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Well, I just wanted to touch base about it without their own you. You know, putting you
Michael Hudson: Know, I understand it's hard to talk to me but
Michael Hudson: Also on my one on one. I rescheduled with our girl here so I could, I just, I never talked to the other person that much and just wasn't and I just didn't think I could have a conversation
That well so that's fine.
Michael Hudson: It's
Dr Jameson: I'd rather you be with somebody you feel is going to be helpful. So
Michael Hudson: Yeah, that's good. I just wanted to make it worth the time of somebody talking to me so
Dr Jameson: Yeah, no worries.
Dr Jameson: It is no people, no. There's never a 100% match rate with anybody can
Michael Hudson: You switch. It's not too personal and she's a perfectly wonderful person. I just know people I can talk to you and certainly
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's fine.
Dr Jameson: That's true for everyone. Okay. Well, we'll see you next time. You know, I think I've said it before, but I kind of prefer people come every couple weeks instead of once a month. I think it's a little long to kind of be
Michael Hudson: You want me
Dr Jameson: Every day. I mean, if you can I, some people have to pay
Dr Jameson: Cash and then I'm not gonna insist
Michael Hudson: What if it's
Michael Hudson: Just this month. And it's not the money. Yeah.
Michael Hudson: But admission. What you know like if you don't have insurance and you're paying cash every single
Dr Jameson: Time. Okay, I'm not going to be. I'm not going to be mean about it, but I just think it's great. Better to be connected and feeling part of a community and just
Michael Hudson: I got, you know,
Dr Jameson: A little bit closer to the
To the hops.
Michael Hudson: I don't mind coming here. It's just been a time thing coming because
Michael Hudson: Yeah, it's all since December i've been i've not worked.
Michael Hudson: There's only two days. I haven't worked
Dr Jameson: On my
Michael Hudson: Last night shift and I sleep from, like, four to have whatever
Dr Jameson: Ain't gonna be getting more time offer that's
Michael Hudson: Yeah ship, the guy that I was working for just got kicked out of the building and owes me $12,000 and it's been a nightmare. And then I had to go and get approved directly as my own carrier through Amazon, which I didn't plan on doing so.
Michael Hudson: I just thought I was over one stage and going back now. So it'll be okay. You know, I have a daughter, now.
Dr Jameson: Well, but it's it's not good for you to not get enough sleep either. So hopefully it'll sort that. So, things get sorted out soon. I hope
Michael Hudson: They will. Well, I'll see you in two weeks. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Sounds good.
Michael Hudson: Alright.
Dr Jameson: Have a good night.
Michael Hudson: YouTube Dr. James And thanks to you.
Dr Jameson: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Dr Jameson: So I'm going to dictate after the my next group because it started two minutes ago, and I also have to read dictate for this morning. One of the groups didn't get recorded, apparently. All right.